♪ Get your cape on
♪ And let's take flight We can be who we like
♪ Now's the time Step into the light
♪ Save the world from crime
♪ Get your cape on
♪ Sometimes we're stuck
♪ Thought to be ordinary
♪ So we hide inside And we lock it up
♪ We lose ourselves, think we're not enough
♪ There's some kryptonite And sometimes we fall
♪ But we get back up and put up a fight
♪ Get your cape on
♪ And let's take flight We can be who we like
♪ Now's the time Save the world from crime
♪ Get your cape on
♪ We're DC Super Hero Girls ♪
(SNORING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(MONITOR BEEPING)
ORACLE: Intruder located
in Sector D.
Thanks, Oracle.
Come on, girls. It's hero time.
(SNORING)
Huh? (MOANING)
Where's the snooze button on this thing?
-(GRUNTS) -(GLASS SHATTERING)
-Mmm. (SIGHS) -(TOY SQUEAKS)
S... Supergirls, up! Up and away!
Time to save the day. Or night.
Drones, swarm.
(BUZZING)
ORACLE: Your hood, Miss Batgirl.
Pow! Action on!
-Oracle shows the intruder is close.
-(DEVICE BEEPING)
-He must be hiding. -I'll look in the classrooms.
And I'll check the lockers.
(BUZZING)
-(SIZZLING) -(SNIFFS) Ugh!
Any sign of the criminal, Bumblebee?
No. But an old pumpernickel sandwich in Beast Boy's locker
just committed a crime against my nose.
(RETCHES)
SUPERGIRL: In there! -(GRUNTS)
-(RATTLES)
Oh. (LAUGHS)
Mr. Bones, aren't you looking trim?
(CREAKING)
This way.
Big Barda.
How'd you get back here?
Wonder Woman? I...
-(GRUNTS) -Whoa!
BARBARA: Hey!
(GRUNTS)
You mess with the bee, you're gonna get stung.
Truce?
Big Barda, you're going back to Belle Reve
Juvenile Detention.
No! (GRUNTS)
(CRACKLING)
Oh! Sorry. I...
-(GROANS) -Ha! Got her!
What's going on here?
Principal Waller.
We captured known criminal, Big Barda.
Girls, this is new student,
Big Barda.
What?
She tricked you, Principal Waller.
Her plans to take over the school are right here.
"AP Weaponomics, 8:30,
"Intro to Super Suits, 9:30."
My class schedule.
I was making sure I knew where all
my classes were
so I wouldn't be tardy on my first day.
You let her into Super Hero High?
But this is a school for superheroes,
not supervillains.
Maybe Big Barda erased your memory when
she helped brainwash everyone.
I trust Big Barda has reformed just like
Vice Principal Graw did.
So, please, make her feel at home.
(CHUCKLES) At my home, this would call for
an olive branch, but...
Would this do?
Yeah. Thanks.
This is your dorm room.
(LAUGHS) Wow.
You can trick it out with whatever decorations
you brought from home.
Home? This is all I got from Apokolips,
but that's not my home anymore.
Darkseid's got a zero tolerance policy for
girls gone good.
I guess that makes me a stray.
-Like Blondie. -Me?
Uh, granted getting ousted from Apokolips is
less dramatic
than your whole planet going kablooey like...
(LAUGHS)
Krypton kaboom, right?
(LAUGHS SHEEPISHLY)
Oh, sorry, I'm not good
with small talk.
I just never had much time for it
between combat practice, avoiding the Abyss of Anguish,
and working on my evil laugh. (FAILING AT EVIL LAUGHTER)
That last one was a joke.
(DRY LAUGHTER)
(SIGHS) I guess I'm not good with jokes either.
We better get some rest.
There's lots to do tomorrow for the big Hero of the Year
celebration this weekend.
(ALL BIDDING FAREWELL)
I thought I was the only night owl here.
-What're you doing up? -Couldn't go back to sleep.
BARBARA: Wow. Who were they? SUPERGIRL: My parents.
I don't want to forget what they looked like.
But art's not my thing.
I can't get it right.
Come on.
BARBARA: State-of-the-art police sketch program.
But it'll work for this, too.
It looks just like them.
-Hi, Commissioner Gordon. -What's up, Comish?
-Morning. -Babs, I saved you
a seat up here.
Dad, I'll be fine in the back.
But, Babsy Bugs, you might miss something
in my lecture
about the three aspects of a crime
that must be established to determine guilt.
Means, motive and opportunity.
I have the means and motive
to sit by my friends.
So, I'll take this opportunity to use this desk.
Besides, Dad, we'll have plenty of time
together this weekend,
since you're my date to the Hero of the Year ceremony.
-Aw. -(BELL RINGS)
All right, students, for today's
forensics assignment
everyone needs a partner.
Partner?
-(GIGGLING) -Oh, yeah!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Cyborg, do you want to be partners?
Sorry, Hawkgirl, me and Katana
make a mean team.
-Starfire? -I'm enjoying the
dynamic duosity
of being the partners with Miss Martian.
Ivy.
Frost?
Supergirl? Wonder Woman!
Oh, no.
What up, partner?
Beast Boy.
Let's get forensicin', mama.
I gots it!
You solved the assignment?
Nah, I finally got that itch I couldn't reach.
(PANTING) Oh, yeah. That's the spot.
We have an assignment to do.
-Stop monkeying around. -I wasn't monkeyin' around.
This is monkeyin' around. (WHOOPING)
-(SHRIEKING) -(STUDENTS LAUGHING)
I can juggle like that.
Beast Boy, get down from there.
Aw, man.
Everybody's always gripin' at me.
It's, "Stop that! Don't go there!
"Get your tail out of my soup,
Beast Boy."
(GROANS)
If you want people to take you seriously
as a proper hero,
you can't be so wild.
Could you teach me?
(LAUGHS)
(GIGGLES) Me? No way.
You need a lion tamer,
or a horse-whisperer, or something.
Please?
I'll think about it.
Yeah, mama!
Oh, fabulous work, Ivy. (CHUCKLES)
Thanks, Mr. Crazy Quilt.
They say you shouldn't gild the lily,
but they didn't say anything about roses.
Oh, spectacular sparkling, Sapphire.
Thanks. I love sparkles.
Cheetah! Put that trophy back where you found it.
(GROANS, MOCKS) "Put that trophy back
where you found it."
This is Lois Lane, live at Super Hero High
where everyone is busy
preparing for the annual Hero of the Year ceremony.
There are two of the nominees now,
Hawkgirl and Cyborg.
Good morning, Lois.
Hey! Shout-out to all my fans out there.
Can I get a "Boo-yah?"
And there's another Hero of the Year
nominee, Katana.
(WHOOSHES)
(GRUNTS)
And here's Lady Shiva.
Lady Shiva, what's it feel like to be nominated
for Hero of the Year?
The joy I find in this honor is nearly as great
as the pride
that swelled inside of me, when I defeated the army
of rampaging boogey beasts,
using nothing but my left pinky toe.
Intense.
(GRUNTS)
Ooh, there's Flash.
Uh, is that camera on?
(STAMMERS) Got to go! And this year's
final nominees,
Wonder Woman and Bumblebee.
What will you do if you win?
I never really thought about it.
I mean, I got a sweet suit that lets me fly,
shrink and Bumblebee blast.
(GRUNTS)
But this isn't the "Best Dress Awards."
As far as hero-ing goes,
my fellow nominee and bestie, Wonder Woman, here,
is straight up on fleek.
Aw, thanks, Bumblebee.
Supergirl and Batgirl, as new students,
you didn't meet the minimum time
to qualify this year.
So, who do you think should win?
-Well, uh... -Harley Quinn here.
I first dreamed of being a hero when I was
a babbling baby!
And I saw a superhero
on the telly.
(CONSOLE BEEPING)
ORACLE:  Suspicious activity detected at the Amethyst.
Come on!
Ew. It looks infected.
(CONSOLE BEEPING)
Mmm. No trace of trespassers.
I saw the alert. What's the status?
Breaking news, something's going on
with the Amethyst.
Thank you, Lois. But we have top secret
matters to discuss.
(BABBLES)
I'm here for the top secret meeting.
-How did you know? -Lois' report.
I've never seen the Amethyst do this before.
It could be natural. A gem fungus
or parasite.
But until we know what's going on,
we'll post a guard around the clock.
I call dibs on the first shifts.
Excellent, Hawkgirl.
Wonder Woman, coordinate the guard schedule.
You got it, Principal Waller.
We don't know what's behind this change
with the Amethyst,
but we need to be extra vigilant.
Okay.
I guess my invite to the party
got lost in the mail?
(GRUNTS) Big Barda!
Lead warrior in the Female Furies
and active in the attempt to conquer
Super Hero High.
Stand down, Lady Shiva.
Big Barda is a student here now.
Where's the hidden camera?
Huh?
Is this another prank, Harley?
(GROANS) I wish.
That would have been a doozy!
Seriously? Principal Waller
let her in?
Mmm-hmm.
Don't mind Lady Shiva.
She's still smarting from that time
when you brainwashed her father
and, generally, threatened everything she loves.
Yeah. Sorry.
But whatever you need now, I'm up for it.
Thanks, Barda.
You can relieve Hawkgirl after her shift guarding
the Amethyst.
-Cool. -Really?
She wants to help, and we need help.
Just in case, everyone needs to be prepared.
-Swords sharpened! -Hmm!
-WONDER WOMAN: Electric stings charged.
-(CRACKLING)
Nunchuks, uh...
Chucked?
Batgirl, could you fix my shield?
It got cracked last night.
Whoops!
This is beyond my expertise.
You need someone who knows metal.
Hmm. Sounds like a job for the master alchemist
of Themyscira.
Who's up for a field trip?
-Right on! -Me.
Can we take the Batjet?
You know how freaked out my dad gets
about me flying
halfway around the world.
Technically, Themyscira isn't halfway
around the world.
It's more like a third of the way.
Your dad won't even have time to worry.
We'll be back by lunchtime tomorrow.
I'll fuel up the Batjet!
I call shotgun!
-All right! -Yeah, honey!
Hiya, newbie!
Name's Harley Quinn.
You probably heard of me.
-Um... -Of course you have.
As our newest student, you have qualified
for the spectacular, amazing, undeniably unique
Harley Quinn tour.
Can I get a whoopie-whoopie?
-Whoopie? -Perfect.
(WINGS FLAPPING)
I'd like to thank my parents for being
the wind beneath my wings.
Or rather, for passing down the family heirloom,
my Nth metal belt from Thanagar
-that enables me to fly. -(GROWLING)
I couldn't have won this award without it.
(CLAPPING)
Brava!
Who are... (GRUNTS)
-(BOTH GRUNTING) -(GASPS)
(HAWKGIRL GRUNTS)
Attacking a student, two demerits.
Only two? That will never do for an overachiever
like myself.
-How about 200? -(BEAM TRILLS)
(GROANS)
(CLANKS)
-(SIZZLING) -(MOANS)
Nth metal from the planet Thanagar.
What a wonderful start.
(GROANS)
Aunt Martha, it's just a quick trip
to Themyscira.
As long as you're all still coming
to the farm for dinner
after the big awards ceremony.
Wouldn't miss it. Your mashed potatoes
are the bomb!
Thank you, Bumblebee.
Supergirl will get plenty of those while she's
here over school break.
Oh, I don't know, Aunt Martha.
Are you sure you want me there?
I don't want to put you out.
Of course.
Supergirl, you know you can make yourself
at home with us.
We love you, dear.
I, uh... I appreciate it.
Bye, Aunt Martha.
Talking to the Kents again?
You know the drill. A call every day.
Speed delivery for Supergirl!
And a cookie care package every week.
Lucky! I call the snickerdoodles.
You may have just met the Kents
a few months ago,
but points to Martha for already having all
your favorite foods down.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah. My mom still insists that I love olives,
just like she does.
But olives... (GAGS)
The texture. Ugh!
(GROWLING)
BARBARA: To Themyscira! (ALL CHEERING)
-The princess has returned! -Oh, she came back! Yes!
-Welcome home, princess. -This is wonderful.
-Mother. -Diana.
I can't stay long. I just need
my shield repaired.
The only one who can repair
such damage
to Themysciran ore is the master alchemist.
It will be my honor, Princess.
Come on, I want to show you guys my home.
Home.
-(DOG BARKING) -(HORSE WHINNYING)
Mom.
Welcome home, Kara. How was your ride?
(CHUCKLES)
Amazing. We found this.
A Mnemosyne crystal.
(GASPS) Once we get this polished,
it will be very powerful.
BUMBLEBEE: Hurry up, Supergirl!
I hear the ambrosia here is delish.
Um, coming.
And that's the royal spa.
Sweet.
(GASPING) Is that a pedicure chair?
My toes are totes in need of some TLC.
Hey, Batgirl, I think there's something weird
with my necklace.
I touched the Mnemosyne crystal
and saw something.
Krypton.
Interesting.
I can do some tests when we get home.
Supergirl, over here!
If you stay here during school break,
this will be your room.
Oh, yeah. Nice.
I thought you'd stay at the Kents
over the holiday.
I haven't decided.
I mean they say I'm welcome,
but maybe they're just being nice.
I don't want to be a charity project.
Come on, the throne room is this way.
Diana, you're skipping over the best room.
Mom, they don't want to see that.
(WHISPERS) It's embarrassing.
Embarrassing?
Well, now we have to see it.
Lead the way, Miss Queen Hippolyta.
(GROANS)
Whoa. This room is gleamin'.
Are all these awards yours?
-Well, you know... -These are just
from the past year.
We had to build a whole wing on the other side
of the palace
for Diana's elementary school honors.
Come, look at this.
It's the key to the city of Metropolis.
Wow.
And I thought that my dad driving around with that
"My daughter is Hero of the Month
"at Super Hero High" bumper sticker was bad.
Shh. Don't let my mom know those exist.
She'll plaster her chariot with them.
Diana, I want to show you something.
Wow!
An invisible trophy?
No. This is where we'll put the Hero of the Year trophy.
But I haven't won yet.
The competition is really fierce.
I think Bumblebee has a good chance.
Girl, look around you.
You got the Hero of the Year prize in the bag.
Precisely. And to celebrate, we feast.
Come along, girls.
Aw, Mom.
Who wants olives? Diana?
Mom, I don't like olives.
Since when? It's in our blood
to like olives.
-More for me. -(ALL CHUCKLE)
(CHOMPING) Mmm.
MASTER ALCHEMIST: Your shield, princess.
It's perfect.
Thank you. (KISSES)
I wish it serves you well in your quest to win
the Hero of the Year award.
Of course, she'll win.
I was going to give you a gift after tomorrow's ceremony
but why wait? Come.
The Tiara of Triumph.
(CHUCKLES) Oh, hello.
Oh, my Hera! The ruby!
-(GROANING) -(CRACKLING)
-(HISSING) -(GASPS)
(SNARLING)
Hey!
(GRUNTING) SUPERGIRL: There!
WONDER WOMAN: It's gone!
-(DEVICE BEEPING) -BARBARA: Down there!
What is that thing?
We'll find out when we catch it.
(GRUNTING)
-(CRACKLING) -Whoa!
(SHOUTING)
BOTH: Bumblebee!
(YELLING)
(ALL GRUNTING AND GROANING)
-(GROANING) -Thanks for breaking
my fall, guys.
What just happened?
I don't know. I think my power cut out.
Talk about a major buzzkill.
Anybody see which way that thing went?
No, it's gone.
The amazons will find that creature
and reclaim your ruby for the ceremony tomorrow.
Thanks, mom.
My heart is filled with pride
for your Hero of the Year triumph.
I'll do my best.
-Bye, Mom. -Goodbye, darling.
Godspeed, sweet princess.
(GASPING, MUFFLED YELLING)
COMMISSIONER GORDON: Barbara!
There you are.
What took you so long?
For Peter Pan's sake, I was worried sick.
Your third period forensics teacher told me
you missed class.
Dad, you're my third period forensics teacher.
You knew I had an off-campus pass
from Principal Waller.
Well, I approved that before the hullabaloo
with that supervillain attacking students.
A supervillain? What happened?
Big Barda found Hawkgirl unconscious.
Apparently, someone came out of the Amethyst
and stole her Nth metal belt.
-(EXCLAIMS) What? -Oh, no!
The emergency meeting of the junior detective society
is now starting.
So, someone came out of the Amethyst and
stole Hawkgirl's belt.
Plus something stole Wonder Woman's ruby.
That makes two cases of grand larceny.
Hawkgirl! Principal Waller said you were resting
in the nurse's office.
Heroes never rest.
Write that down, that's important.
You got it, mama.
Don't call me, "Mama."
Write that down.
You got it, not-mama.
-Whatchu doin', Beast Boy? -(SNAPS FINGERS)
Hero of the Year rule 10.1.234.
Nominees may receive Hero of the Year points
for helping other heroes succeed.
I'm training him to be a proper rule abiding hero
like me.
Whatever you say, teach.
That villain may have stolen my Nth metal belt
but he will not steal my chance at Hero of the Year.
Now, I've done some research.
Show them, Beast Boy.
(SNIFFING)
Aw, man, I must've left this in my pants last week!
Mmm. (CHOMPING)
Pumpernickel.
(GULPS)
Oh, yeah. (CHUCKLES)
Uh, the research.
Get this, our Amethyst is an old portal to Gemworld.
It's been inactive for decades.
But that changed this morning.
That's our fugitive.
-Dark Opal. -Dark Opal?
Sounds more like a jewelry store
than a villain.
Yo, Dark Opal's a legit wickedy-wack
wicked dude.
He has some mean magic stored
in that gem on his chest.
Gemworld? Gems?
Supergirl's crystal.
Maybe that has something to do with all this.
And this is Capes & Cowls Cafe.
Home to all your favorite superfoods from awesome
acai bowls to...
Large double spinach, sardine, and pickleberry smoothie.
Ugh.
Yucko, bucko.
Mmm! Tastes just like my favorite
Kryptonian dessert.
We need to check your crystal.
BARBARA: Hmm.
Where did you get the crystal?
From my mom.
(BOTH GASPING)
Go, Kara, hurry!
Mom, Dad, Come on!
-Sorry, Kara. -This way,
I'll always be with you.
What do you mean?
No! You have to come with me!
The spaceship can only hold enough supplies for one.
-I love you, Kara. -I wish it didn't have
to be this way.
Goodbye, my dearest girl.
Supergirl, you okay?
Your crystal got all glowy and you went to la-la land.
Not la-la land. Krypton. My home.
Strange. There's this repeating pattern.
It's almost like Morse Code.
Could be signaling someone.
My mom said she gave me the crystal so she could
always be with me.
Maybe she programmed it so when she got
off Krypton
she could find me.
But weren't your parents on Krypton when the planet,
(SIGHS) you know, exploded?
Maybe not.
They were really smart scientists.
Maybe they built another ship.
Supergirl, we should wait until we can learn more
before jumping to conclusions.
I have to tell Martha and Jonathan!
My parents are coming for me!
And it's a signal!
If it just started doing this, that means someone
is looking for it. Right?
Well, I don't know much about those frequency things.
Yeah, of course, Uncle Jonathan.
But my parents were scientists!
I'm gonna have a family again.
It's always good to have hope.
Well, we'll see you tomorrow.
I'd love to see that hologram-brain-video
whatchamacallit
uh, with your crystal.
I haven't figured out how to make it
turn on, yet.
Hello? Power on.
Open Sesame.
As soon as my parents get here,
they could teach me how to do it.
Oh, calamity, look at the time!
We better be getting to bed.
BOTH:  We love you, dear.
Um, sure. Thanks.
Goodnight.
I'm waiting for you.
Mom and dad.
A hero is always polite.
A hero is vigilant and prepared.
A hero greets his fans with a firm but
not too firm handshake.
Excellent progress, Beast Boy.
Our guarding shift is complete.
But training shall resume at sunrise.
Sunrise? On a Saturday?
Uh, it will be my pleasure to experience this interesting
time of day with you.
(CHUCKLING WEAKLY)
Bumblebee, you left your hero history homework
in my room.
-(BUZZING) -Bumblebee?
Bumblebee? Um, okay. It's... It's a movie.
Uh, three words.
Uh, if we're gonna play charades,
pop back into regular size, okay?
Argh! Batgirl, help!
My suit's busted, I'm stuck!
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Can you see why my suit went kaput?
BARBARA: Looks like there's something wrong
with your battery.
That shadow creeper must've damaged it
when he knocked me over.
So we just need to get you a new battery.
I've got AAs, 9 volts, an old watch battery.
Not so easy.
Of all my powers, growing takes the most energy
and I don't have enough power left in my suit to get big.
But when I'm this size,
there's no battery small enough
to fit in my pack.
Yet powerful enough to make me big.
It's impossible!
I'm gonna be small forever!
Before you built your super suit,
did anyone think it was possible
to have a suit that enabled someone to shrink?
No, I guess not.
You did the impossible once and we'll do it again.
Yeah, honey!
-Ha! -(CRASHING)
(SNARLING INDISTINCTLY)
(GRUNTING)
(HISSING)
(INDISTINCT SNARLING)
(GROANING)
(SHRIEKING)
They should have returned with the artifacts by now.
Patience, Dark Opal.
We have waited many moons for the crystal key
to reveal itself.
Soon, darkness will rule.
They're ready.
Earthen steel.
Mega metal of Apokolips.
Sapphire of Zamaron.
Plus the Nth metal of Thanagar
and the Ruby of Themyscira.
Where's the key?
Where's the crystal of Krypton?
(ALL HISSING)
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(SCREAMING)
The crystal is guarded by a powerful protection aura.
It cannot be stolen.
It must be freely given by the girl.
But I'll find a way, Eclipso.
Of course, you will, Dark Opal.
You're the Jewel Sorcerer of Gemworld.
I upheld my end of the bargain and I trust you will
uphold yours.
You will get the crystal.
Now, bring the alchemist.
You will combine these treasures from
across the cosmos
into a scepter which will let us rule the universe.
Never! I will not betray my home.
Mmm. My black diamond says otherwise.
Yes, master.
Now get the crystal, Dark Opal.
Give the girl whatever she wants in return.
Opal, show me what she wants.
Yes, of course!
Whatever she wants.
BIG BARDA: Hey, who took my mega-rod!
KATANA: Someone stole my throwing star!
STAR SAPPHIRE: My ring! I've been burgled!
It's chasse, chasse and pirouette,
then we leap like graceful gazelle
galloping through a field on her way to meet
her gal pals for lunch.
Cheetah, please. I said gazelle in field.
You're doing more of a wildebeest trumping through
a sticky swamp.
Start again, from the top.
-(TAPPING CANE) -Five, six, seven, eight.
(CHUCKLES) Yes!
Feel the dance in your feet.
Stick it in your socks, let it seep between your toes.
The detective club discovered that all the stolen objects
were precious metals or gems from the Supers' homes.
Principal Waller!
I found Big Barda trying to leave school grounds.
She must be the one behind this.
I was just out for a walk.
Lady Shiva,
do you have evidence for your accusations?
The Amethyst was infiltrated the night of her arrival
and she's the one that so conveniently found Hawkgirl
after she was attacked.
Hard evidence, Lady Shiva?
Not yet. But I won't stand by and let my school,
my friends, be invaded again.
Heroes must take preemptive measures.
Barda, you may go.
Argh!
Heroes serve justice, not hunches.
And then you throw your hands in the air like your
armpits are on fire.
Crazy Quilt.
CRAZY QUILT: No, don't say it.
If you cancel the show because of one villain,
the criminals win!
I'm not canceling the ceremony.
But we're on high alert.
And must increase security.
We need extra bodies for sentry duty.
Oh, but each dancer is a unique snowflake
in the blizzard of my production.
(GASPS)
You can have Cheetah.
Hey!
Has Batgirl learned anything more
about Supergirl's crystal.
(SIGHS) Nothing yet.
In light of the recent supervillain activity,
the normally festive lead up to the Hero of the Year
-has been subdued. -(GRODD SNORTS)
Who are you?
Vice Principal Grodd, it's me, Lois Lane,
intrepid reporter.
You've denied my request for interviews about
a million times.
Hmm. How do I know you're not some villain
disguised as Lois Lane?
Can you confirm the identity of the villain?
Is it true that the villain came out of the Amethyst?
Did you have any run-ins with this villain during your time
as a criminal?
Yeah, you're Lois Lane, all right.
Wait, tell me more about how Principal Waller
got you out of prison.
Official paperwork says it was part of some
work release squad.
(GASPS)
Mom, is that you?
Oh, it's just Starfire.
I have examined the airspace but have not witnessed
any suspicious activity.
I did however have a run-in with a gull of the sea.
Oh, sorry. Hey, alphabet soupie!
We's doin' the overs and unders on
the big award. You in?
No thanks, Harley. (CHUCKLING)
I'm supposed to take over for Katana.
Have you seen her?
I think she's guarding the park.
Thank you.
Katana!
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
Mom?
Mom! (CAWING)
Mom, it's me.
Your crystal.
Give it to me.
Is something wrong? Are you okay?
Just hand it over, Supergirl.
Supergirl?
My mom never...
You're not my mom.
No! That's mine!
(GRUNTS) Oh, fine...
Magic disguises are so hard to maintain when
the fighting begins.
You're the one they're looking for.
The downside of fame. You get recognized
everywhere you go!
(GROANS)
Give me the crystal.
(GRUNTS) No!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
-(LOUD BANGS IN DISTANCE) -(CROWS CAWING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS) Supers! Help!
(SHOUTING) Help!
He's here! Help!
You're surrounded.
No, you are.
(INDISTINCT WHISPERS)
(GIRLS GASPING)
(CAWING)
(SNARLING)
Fight!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
-Huh? -(GROWLING)
I see you swipin'
and I raise you a left jab right in the kisser.
-(SNARLING) -(GROANS)
You gonna be a thorn in my side.
(GRUNTS)
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
-(GROANS) -(DARK OPAL, KATANA GRUNTING)
Oh, poor sapling...
(GRUNTING)
(SNARLING)
Oh! For the love of goose grass!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
(CONTINUES GRUNTING)
The sun. It destroys them.
I always liked sunlight.
(TREES RUSTLING)
(SCREAMING)
(SIZZLING)
Retreat! To the palace!
Ugh! I hate hit and runs.
(FIRE CRACKLING)
(HISSING)
ECLIPSO: You failed!
Well, as evil partners in this venture,
it's more like we failed. We made a deal!
Oh, but the adrenaline was pumping,
my heart was racing.
Who remembers the exact terms?
(CHUCKLING)
I do.
SOLDIER: After them!
Hurry.
(HORSES APPROACHING)
What's the point? They'll find us.
My magic is weakened in this forest.
We can't fight them.
-(HORSES NEIGHING) -They have us surrounded.
-We're going to be banished. -Hide.
SOLDIER: Eclipso, Dark Opal,
by order of the princess, show yourselves!
Everything is ruined. We'll never rule Gemworld.
It's over.
It's not over.
There has to be another way.
(GROANING)
No, nothing. Not unless we...
Oh, no. That will never work.
What? Tell me.
There's a gem
more powerful than anything in Gemworld.
The prophecy says,
"When the last gem of an extinct planet
"is bound with treasure from across the universe,
"ultimate power shall reign."
Ultimate power. How do we find this gem?
There must be clues in the ancient texts.
I will need to remain here as the royal sorcerer.
I could study the ancient text and locate the gem.
Then, with its power, we can rule
not just Gemworld,
but the universe.
But I can only do that if I weren't banished
because Princess Amethyst found me blameless
in the coup.
I will claim that you were under the spell of
my black diamond.
When you find the gem of ultimate power,
use the Amethyst portal to find me.
Together we will rule.
You take the blame, I'll get us the gem. Deal?
-AMETHYST: Eclipso. -(GASPS)
Where is Dark Opal?
DARK OPAL: Uh, where am I?
What happened?
I feel woozy.
(SCOFFS) Your little sorcerer has been under my spell.
Oh, Princess Amethyst?
Is that you?
(WHIMPERING) What's going on here?
So you acted alone in this treason?
Yes.
Then, by the power of the 12 houses
of Gemworld,
I banish you.
(GROANS)
You gave me your word and you didn't deliver.
(STAMMERING) I tried.
"A" for effort, right?
We will get that crystal.
Even if I have to go to Earth myself.
(SQUEAKS) You're leaving
your nook?
But you can't! There's light out there!
Darkness will overcome the light.
Shadows to me.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS)
WONDER WOMAN: See anything?
Nothing suspicious.
Sorry, I haven't seen him.
Thanks for taking a look, Steve.
Batgirl, wait!
What is it? Do you have an idea
about how to fix your battery?
Um, no.
I just wanted some grub.
Detective work makes me hungry.
Now, back to the Hero of the Year pre-show.
I'm all about the classic thinkers.
Plato, Aristotle and my main man, Socrates.
But when we get into 19th century idealism,
I'm like, I Immanuel Kant even.
Ew! Enough with the highbrow humors.
Back to me!
Shouldn't you be heading to the
Hero of the Year ceremony?
That villain tried to steal your crystal.
I won't rest or party until we get him.
Another dead end.
BUMBLEBEE: Well, what now?
Should we go back to school and check
Batgirl's surveillance?
We don't have to go back to school
for that anymore.
(CONSOLE BEEPING)
WONDER WOMAN: What's this have to do
with surve... (GASPS)
SUPERGIRL: Cool.
WONDER WOMAN: Amazing.
A super hero is always prepared.
I have a few Batcaves around town.
(CONSOLE BEEPING)
BARBARA: Where are you, Dark Opal?
There!
That's Centennial Park. Come on!
-(ELECTRIC CRACKLING) -(SCREAMS)
-Bumblebee! -(BUMBLEBEE GROANS)
(SIGHS) My suit's losing more power.
When you're feeling rundown, you always got a shoulder
to sit on.
-Thanks, Batgirl. -Come on!
You're mine, Dark Opal.
-(GRUNTS) -(GROANS)
That's what you get for messing with my friends.
I didn't do anything, please!
Why were you running?
I'm late for my steampunk
cosplay group.
Is that a crime?
No, sorry.
-What now? -We keep searching.
If we split up, we can cover more territory.
Bumblebee and I will take downtown.
AMANDA: Anyone seen Wonder Woman, Batgirl,
Supergirl or Bumblebee?
-Nope. -Did you check the garden?
I have not seen the girls you are looking for.
Last I saw, they were still looking
for Dark Opal.
Thank you, Hawkgirl.
We can't start the ceremony without two of our nominees.
Lois, you have to stall.
A mission from Principal Waller. Yes!
-Miss Martian! -(GASPS)
I've been wanting to get a few words from you,
but I can never find you.
Um... Um... Eek!
I got a few words for ya.
Harley Quinn. Superstar.
I told ya. I don't know anything
about a Dark Opal
or Dark Topaz or even a Dark Cubic Zirconia.
She's telling the truth.
Now, I gotta get back to my community service.
(CLANKING)
Hey! That's my car!
Shouldn't have parked in front of the fire hydrant.
Pick it up at impound.
(GRUNTS)
(CRASHES)
BUMBLEBEE: What do you see?
BARBARA: Nothing. No sign of Dark Opal.
Find anything?
Yeah. A "buy one, get one" free smoothie coupon
at Capes & Cowls Cafe.
But no intel on Dark Opal.
Bumblebee how's the suit?
My battery's draining fast.
Every flutter of my wings takes the power further
into the red.
And once the battery dies,
bye-bye super powers.
There's gotta be a better battery
out there, somewhere.
Supergirl, your crystal.
(GASPS)
(WIND BLOWING)
Kara, my brave and courageous girl.
Mom?
We are sending you to Earth and I'm sorry
we cannot go with you.
I have programed this crystal,
so that you may remember us.
But, Mom, why...
The crystal's powers will activate when you're
old enough to understand.
When you need to hear from us,
-our love, family... -(DISTORTION)
A merry good evening
to my favorite hero trio.
(GASPS)
It's Dark Opal.
He hacked into my comm-bracelet.
Well, that's hardly the greeting anyone
wants to hear.
But, nonetheless, I'm calling
because I've found something of yours.
(CHUCKLES)
-Don't listen to him, Babs. -It's a trap.
Supergirl, stay where you are.
-Dad! -Mom!
I thought about keeping them as pets.
But I can't deal with the maintenance.
The feeding, the walking. It's just not for me.
So you can have them back. I want Supergirl's crystal.
But I couldn't be sure if she'd give it up
for the Kents alone.
So, Wonder Woman and Batgirl, I had
to drag you into this.
As her besties, I bet you'll be
very persuasive.
You three meet me at Booster's gold mine.
Come alone and tell no one.
Come on, girls.
Sorry, Bumblebee.
He said only the three of us.
And with your battery running low,
you should conserve your energy.
You guys. I'm not letting you go meet
a super villain alone.
Batgirl's right. Our parent's lives
are at risk.
We have to do exactly what he says.
Okay, not much I can do small anyway.
I may not have a lot of power left,
but I'm still...
(GRUNTS) A hero.
JONATHAN: Your plan won't work.
Supergirl won't give you her crystal.
(GRUNTS) Argh!
(GROANS)
ECLIPSO: Alchemist.
Bring me the scepter.
Master Alchemist?
But you're an Amazon. We're sisters.
Not anymore.
I serve darkness now.
No! Argh!
(GROANS)
Once the crystal of Krypton is set upon the scepter,
ultimate power will be yours.
Long live Eclipso.
(IN HIGH PITCH) And Dark Opal, too!
Long live us! (CHUCKLES)
(BUZZING) -Aunt Martha.
-BARBARA: Dad.
SUPERGIRL: Uncle Jonathan. WONDER WOMAN: Mom!
(SCREAMING)
(GIRLS GROANING)
ECLIPSO: Uh-uh.
No parents for you, until I get my crystal.
-Who are you? -This is Eclipso,
my business partner.
Now that we're properly introduced,
it's gift time.
No, Supergirl, if you give them the crystal,
they'll use it against you.
But if you don't hand the crystal over,
they get it.
Argh! (GROANS)
Leave us, Supergirl. Save yourself.
You can still make it out.
Take it.
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
Now release them.
Diamond vanish.
-Dad. -Mom.
Are you okay?
ECLIPSO: And reappear.
(GIRLS SCREAMING)
I call it the Eclipso rule of relativity.
"Whatever the black diamond vanishes must reappear."
-Another one of my diamond's tricks.
-(TIMER BEEPING)
The Eclipso explosive.
-No! -JONATHAN: Don't do it.
-MARTHA: Stop! -I won't let you
hurt my daughter!
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNT)
Try that again and I'll make it
even worse for them.
(GIRLS GROANING)
Now, for the last and favorite trick of
my black diamond,
I'll need a volunteer or four.
(ALL GROANING)
WONDER WOMAN: Mom! SUPERGIRL: No.
BARBARA: Dad! WONDER WOMAN: No, stop it!
BARBARA: What are you doing to him?
Meet your new, improved,
evilified league of guardians.
ALL: Hail darkness.
-No! -What's happening?
Don't!
BUMBLEBEE: Oh, no!
I gotta get that diamond.
Excellent. You'll be coming
with us.
Our first minions.
Welcome to the Eclipso family.
(ALL GRUNTING)
I said you're coming with us!
(CONTINUE GRUNTING)
-Mom. -Uncle Jonathan.
-Daddy. -Aunt Martha.
Please.
HIPPOLYTA: Stop! COMMISSIONER GORDON:
Get out of my head!
What happened? My diamond
has never failed me.
-Supergirl. -Oh, dear.
I'd never leave you.
Oh, fine. If you love them so much,
stay here with your babies to meet your doom.
(TIMER CONTINUES BEEPING)
Hurry, Eclipso. Before we meet our doom, too!
(GRUNTING)
Whoa! (GROANS)
(PANTING)
(ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(YODELING)
(THUNDER BREAKING)
Whoa. Are you getting this?
Now, to bring these Supers into my minion fold.
With an army of evil heroes
at my disposal,
no one will dare protest my power.
My diamond. What?
Doesn't matter now. You have the scepter.
Yes.
The scepter.
Darkness, fall!
-(SPIRITS GROWLING) -(CLATTERING)
(CRACKLING)
(POWERING DOWN)
-(CREAKING) -(POWERING OFF)
-GIRL: Hey. -Who is that?
-GIRL: What happened? -Whoa! What happened?
-GIRL: What is going on? -(CROWD CLAMORING)
Greetings, Supers.
Eclipso and Dark Opal. I should have known
you two were working together... (GROANS)
-(AMANDA SCREAMING) -(GRUNTS)
Not another step from any of you.
(GROANING)
(TIMER BEEPING)
I can't deactivate it.
I'll get you out of there. (GROANS)
-Hippolyta! -I got ya.
-We have to save them! -How can we get past it?
(GRUNTING) I'm on it.
GIRLS: Bumblebee.
If the diamond can create it, it can break it. (GRUNTS)
Bumblebee sting.
(GROANS)
Oh... (GASPS)
(BEEPING)
(CONTINUES BEEPING)
-Oh, Mom. -BARBARA: Dad.
COMMISSIONER GORDON: Barbara. HIPPOLYTA:
My wonderful daughter.
You're okay.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
-You did it. -You set us free.
Hey, are you all right?
Battery's dead.
Can I catch a ride with you?
All aboard the Batgirl express.
(MASTER ALCHEMIST GROANING)
What have I done?
It's all right, my sister.
(TIMER BEEPING)
Come on, we have to get out of here.
(GRUNTS)
That gem will never hurt anyone again.
(GROANING)
Thank you all, for making this such easy
one stop shopping.
The artifacts from your distant planets
will allow me to control every sector of the universe.
(WHISPERING) Get them while they're blabbing.
(SQUAWKING)
You're proper hero, yo. Just like Hawkgirl taught you.
(CLEARS THROAT) Uh, excuse me.
But we prefer if you left,
so, good day to you, sir and madam.
Oh, please.
Ah!
(GROANS) Nice catch.
-No! -Stop him.
-You can't. -We will not let you do this.
Get them! (WHIRRING)
(ALL GROANING)
Batgirl, get them to safety.
SUPERGIRL: We'll meet you back at school.
Now, I will be ruler of all.
You mean we. Partners in darkness?
Co-rulers? Remember?
For my first act as queen of everything,
I will make that fiddling princess
pay for banishing me.
I will destroy the detestable land
of Gemworld.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey now.
Gemworld wasn't all bad.
The citizens of Gemworld mocked me.
In their insolence, they dare banish me.
And you, you let me take the fall.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANING) WONDER WOMAN: Eclipso!
Put down that scepter.
(GLASS SHATTERING)
I thought I took care of you already.
Darkness, attack.
(SNARLING)
What's happening?
What are these things?
They're everywhere!
Ugh! Shadows again.
(SNARLING)
Oh, did you come to play?
Who else wants to play?
ECLIPSO: We were just getting started.
And you should have a front row seat.
(GIRLS GRUNTING)
SUPERGIRL: Hey!
(BOTH STRUGGLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(GASPS) Oh! You are malleable like the gum
of the bubble.
HARLEY: Incoming!
(GRUNTS)
(SNARLING)
You say it's your birthday?
I've got a present for you.
(SHRIEKS)
Don't crowd! There's plenty for everybody.
-Who's next? -(GROANING)
(BOTH GROANING)
(SNARLING)
Ha!
(GRUNTS)
-(TIMER BEEPING) -(GROWLS)
-(BEEPING RAPIDLY) -(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
Whoo-hoo!
(GROANING) Whoo!
(SNARLING)
Beautiful darkness.
-(SWORD CLANKING) -Give me the scepter.
You promised we'd share.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
Eyes on the prize.
(CRYSTAL CRACKS)
(GASPS)
Sorry, Mom.
(BOTH SHRIEKING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(GROANING)
(SNICKERING)
You're not getting away.
Whoo-hoo! That's our girl.
Kicking some villain keister.
Martha. Language.
Sorry. I'm still mad as a cow over that evil diamond thing.
(SCREAMING)
Boo-yah!
(SNARLING)
Freezer burn.
Frost passes it off to Harley.
And it's Harley for the win!
(LADY SHIVA GRUNTING)
That's how we do it old school.
Where did Eclipso go?
(GROANING)
(STRUGGLING) Palace. The home.
(GRUNTS)
Do I look like the Internet to you? Details.
-It's... (SNIFFLES) It's on the moon!
-Anything else?
I shouldn't have become a super villain.
I should have followed my heart
and been a theater major!
Ugh.
(CLOTH RIPPING)
(SHOUTING) No! My power!
My magic! (CRYING)
You go after Supergirl. I got this one.
Thanks, Batgirl.
-(GROANS) -Look what the bat dragged in.
Dad, call in the special crimes unit.
I got one up here for ya.
Careful, Babs!
You could... (STAMMERS)
...pull a muscle!
-Dad! -I mean,
that is some mighty fine police work.
Batgirl, light destroys the shadows.
(GRUNTING, SIGHS)
You need to fix the electricity!
-I can do that. -Hey, wait.
Could you put me down first?
The Batgirl Express is on a one-way trip
to motion-sickness-ville.
Oops. Sorry. You'll be safe here.
(SIGHS)  Terra firma. What a day.
(SNARLING)
My belt.
Beast Boy, can you get it?
-Well, certainly, madam. -(GRUNTING)
I'm back in action.
-(SHRIEKS) -(SNARLING)
(WHIMPERING)
Um, this is truly a terrible predicament.
What is a gentleman to do?
Beast Boy, your way was better.
You gotta go wild.
Well, really?
Well, your wish is my command, my lady.
(LAUGHING)
(ROARING)
(SCREAMING)
(ROARS)
(SNARLING)
-Yeah. -High eight, momma!
My ring.
(SCREAMING)
Ooh, love hurts.
(SNARLING)
(STRUGGLING)
Ha!
(GRUNTING)
You wanna play games? How about whack-a-shadow?
(CHEETAH GROWLING)
(CHEETAH GRUNTING)
(SNARLING)
(GROWLS)
(GRUNTING)
Help!
I'm coming, Shivs!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
Nice. I owe you one.
Nah, it wasn't a favor.
It's what friends do.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
You really have changed.
Shh. Don't tell anyone.
If people start believing I've gone good,
I'll have to show up to birthday parties,
hand out Valentine's, and help people move. No.
It's gross.
(SQUEAKS)
(RATTLING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(POWERING UP)
(TURNING ON)
(SIZZLING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS) They're scared of the spotlights.
(HISSING)
You're looking succulent.
(GROANING)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(HISSING)
-(SNARLING) -(SIZZLING)
Ha! Right in the keister.
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
Come out, Eclipso. It's over.
The crystal's gone.
ECLIPSO: Lucky you.
I wanted to destroy my home world.
-But you've already had that done for you.
-(POWERING UP)
(GRUNTS)
(CRYSTALS CLINKING)
(GRUNTING)
-(CRACKING) -(GRUNTING)
(CRACKLING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Get up! I'm taking you in.
(GROANING)
-(SHOUTS) -(CRACKLING)
(SUPERGIRL GROANING)
(STRUGGLING)
(GRUNTS)
Huh?
You okay?
-Yeah. Now that you're here. -Where is she?
There!
(MOANING)
(GRUNTS) (CRACKLING)
-Watch out! (GRUNTS) -(GASPS)
-(SCREAMING) -(CRACKLING)
(MOANING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING) (SHOUTS)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(RUMBLING)
Huh?
(GROANS)
(SHOUTS)
-Where is she? -There!
23 degrees on your left.
(GRUNTS)
(ECLIPSO SCREAMING)
-(GASPS) -(RUMBLING)
(SNARLING)
(GRUNTING)
-(SIZZLING) -(MOANS)
-(ALL CHEERING) -Oh, yeah. We won.
(GASPS)
A piece of Supergirl's crystal.
She's going to want this.
Let me out of this lasso.
I'm scared of going to prison.
Those fluorescent lights so bright! I hate bright.
(ALL CHEERING)
I'll take it from here.
(DEVICE WHIRRING, BEEPING)
(GASPS) Let me out of here!
-I don't want to share a ride with her!
-Ugh!
I don't want to share a ride with you, more.
You let children defeat us again!
BUMBLEBEE: Supergirl!
I found a piece of your crystal.
Thanks, Bumblebee.
Goodbye, Mom.
I miss you.
(TEAR DROPS)
(GASPS)
Nothing can destroy this crystal.
Because nothing can destroy my love for you.
Take that love into your new world.
When you share our love with others,
you'll create a new family.
Thanks, Mom.
Are you all right, dear?
I am now. It's good to be home.
Ooh! I love you guys.
(DEVICE BEEPING)
What is it, Oracle?
ORACLE:  Group hug detected in Sector J.
-(BUMBLEBEE SIGHS) -You okay?
Yeah, I was just thinking,
if that crystal had enough power to charge the scepter,
I bet it could power my suit.
Maybe we can make a battery that replicates it.
Hold that thought.
I couldn't help but overhear. You really think my crystal
could fix your suit?
Maybe. If we could study it more and see
how it generates power,
maybe we can make a synthetic version.
Why wait? One sliver of crystal
coming up.
But it's your crystal.
Mom did say to share.
Thanks, Supergirl.
(GRUNTING)
Let me help.
Beast Boy, can I borrow your monocle?
Keep it. I don't needs it anymore.
(WHOOSHING)
-Whoo-hoo! -(ALL CHEERING)
(CHUCKLES) Welcome to the Hero of the Year gala!
(WHISPERS) Hold for applause.
Hold for applause.
Hello?
Hey, yo, blanket dude!
We gots to get you to the party!
GIRL: Whoo! What a week!
Isn't this lovely?
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
You're all Heroes of the Year in my book.
Now dig in before it gets cold.
Tell me when.
When!
(GOBBLING)
(BURPS)
-(DOORBELL RINGS) -(GIGGLING)
(CHUCKLES) I brought macaroons!
Wonderful! Oh, thank you, Mr. Quilt!
-(GASPS) -(LAUGHING)
And this, young lady, is for you!
You all did some magnificent hero-ing this year.
But we have considered what happened today,
and Bumblebee tipped the scales
with her sacrifice.
Congratulations on winning Hero of the Year!
-(EXCLAIMS) Me? -Go, Bumblebee!
-(ALL CHEERING) -Right on, Bumblebee!
Good job!
-You're the girl, Bumblebee! -Congrats.
Great hero-ing, Bumblebee.
-Way to go, honey. -Up top, baby girl!
-Thanks, Mom and Dad. -Well deserved.
Even when you had problems with your suit,
you persevered and your heroic heart
stayed true.
(SIGHS) I had a whole speech about the smallest hero
making the biggest difference,
but I guess everybody's rumbly tummies couldn't wait.
You're not mad I didn't win?
It's just a trophy. You will always
be my hero.
Ah! There's an olive in your salad.
-You don't like olives. -Aw. You remembered!
Aw. No pumpernickel?
Good thing I brought my own!
(CHOMPS) Mmm.
Armpit pumpernickel's my jam! (CHOMPS)
(MOANS) So good!
If you like this, you should be here
for the holidays
when Martha really goes all out.
That's a great idea!
Barda, why don't you stay with us over
the holiday break?
You're invited, too, Lady Shiva.
Yeah! I'll be here and there's an extra
bunk bed in the attic.
So, wanna stay with me and my family?
-Uh, all right. -Okay.
Hey, Shivs. I'll rock paper scissors you
for top bunk.
One, two, three.
-Paper! -Uh, what?
On what planet does paper beat rock?
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(ENERGY PULSATING)
(PULSATING CONTINUES)